* **fifo1.v** - (see Example 2 in section 6.1) - this is the top-level wrapper-module that includes all clock domains. The top module is only used as a wrapper to instantiate all of the other FIFO modules used in the design. If this FIFO is used as part of a larger ASIC or FPGA design, this top-level wrapper would probably be discarded to permit grouping of the other FIFO modules into their respective clock domains for improved synthesis and static timing analysis.
* **fifomem.v** - (see Example 3 in section 6.2) - this is the FIFO memory buffer that is accessed by both the write and read clock domains. This buffer is most likely an instantiated, synchronous dual-port RAM. Other memory styles can be adapted to function as the FIFO buffer.
* **sync_r2w.v** - (see Example 4 in section 6.3) - this is a synchronizer module that is used to synchronize the read pointer into the write-clock domain. The synchronized read pointer will be used by the wptr_full module to generate the FIFO full condition. This module only contains flip-flops that are synchronized to the write clock. No other logic is included in this module.
* **sync_w2r.v** - (see Example 5 in section 6.4) - this is a synchronizer module that is used to synchronize the write pointer into the read-clock domain. The synchronized write pointer will be used by the rptr_empty module to generate the FIFO empty condition. This module only contains flip-flops that are synchronized to the read clock. No other logic is included in this module.
* **rptr_empty.v** - (see Example 6 in section 6.5) - this module is completely synchronous to the read-clock domain and contains the FIFO read pointer and empty-flag logic.
* **wptr_full.v** - (see Example 7 in section 6.6) - this module is completely synchronous to the write-clock domain and contains the FIFO write pointer and full-flag logic.